internal/dag: Add exact path match condition in HttpProxy (#5000)
projectcontour/contour: site/content/docs/main/config/request-routing.md

Prefix conditions **must** start with a `/` if they are present.

#### Exact conditions

Paths defined are matched using exact conditions.
Up to one exact condition may be present in any condition block. Any condition block can
either have an exact condition or prefix condition, but not both together. Exact conditions are

> not allowed in root httpproxies or in includes blocks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only allowed in route match conditions and not in include match conditions.
```
